Release 17.0.0 (#49074)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

by default. Existing Teleport clusters will continue to use RSA2048 until a CA
rotation is performed.

#### (Preview) AWS IAM Identity Center integration

Teleport 17 integrates with AWS IAM Identity Center to allow users to sync and
manage AWS IC group members via Access Lists.

#### Hardware key support for Teleport Connect

We have extended Teleport 17’s support for
[hardware-backed private keys](https://goteleport.com/docs/admin-guides/access-controls/guides/hardware-key-support/)
to Teleport Connect.

#### Nested access lists

Teleport 17 admins and access list owners can add access lists as members in
other access lists.

See details in the [documentation](https://goteleport.com/docs/ver/17.x/admin-guides/access-controls/access-lists/nested-access-lists/).

#### Access lists UI/UX improvements

Teleport 17 web UI has an updated access lists page that will include the new
table view, improved search and filtering capabilities.

#### Signed and notarized macOS assets

Starting from Teleport 17 macOS `teleport.pkg` installer includes signed and
notarized `tsh.app` and `tctl.app` so downloading a separate tsh.pkg to use
Touch ID is no longer necessary.

> In addition, Teleport 17 eventh andler and Terraform provider for macOS are also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Teleport 17 event handler and Terraform provider for macOS are also
```
